Control Towers: The control towers are  nine machienes created by Hephestus which are located all over the Frozen Wilds. Around those towers are demonic machienes which get
healed by the tower. In order to destroy them you need to wait for the core to overheat and then shot it. A 2nd way would be overrideing them which also creats a shockwave which
can stun nearby machienes.

Salt Pigment Set: You can find the 1st pigment at Song's Edge right behind the coloring lake. The 2nd one northern of the Stone Yield bandit camp and the 3rd one right in the camp.
Crystal Pigment Set: The first crystal pigment is located in the center of the frostfigures. You can find the 2nd one at the northern wall of the frostfigures and the 3rd in the nothern east above the bandit camp.
Oxide Pigment Set: The 1st oxide pigment is at the lake right between Song's Edge and Longnotch. The 2nd is at the south west lake and the 3rd one at the parcours section of Shaman's Path. 
All Pigments: The pigments are rare collectables scattered all over the Frozen Wilds. You can collect them and exchange them for reward boxes by talking to Sekuli at Song's Edge. 
The lost box also contains the painted weapon coil which has a lot of shock damage. You can also buy a map of all pigments at a bluegleam merchant.

Animal Figurines: The animal figurines are six collectables which can be traded with Enjuk who is located in a ruin house at the right side of greycatch. The reward boxes
also contain the Hideboand weapon coil which has a lot of damage. 
 
Stone Yield Bandit Camp: Stone Yield Bandit camp is located in the east part of the Frozen Wilds. The special thing about this bandit camp is that you have to fight against the 
bandit leader at the end. As a reward you get the forgefire weapon which is in the lootbox you get for completing the quest.

Frostfigures Tallneck: The frostfigures tallneck is the only tallneck in the Frozen Wilds. It is located in the southern part of the map right above Song's Edge. The special 
thing about the frostfigures tallneck is that you have to find three lost machine parts in order to reactivate the tallneck. The parts were eaten by two scrappers and a glinthawk
which are in close radius to the tallneck.

Non-Quest Bluegleam: All over the Frozen Wilds you can find non-quest bluegleam in old scrapper coorpses. In order to buy all the Frozen Wilds items you need more bluegleam 
than you get in the quests. You can also buy a map at a bluegleam merchant to see exectly where all the bluegleam locations are.

Snowchants Hunting Grounds Set: The Snowchants Hunting Ground is the only but really special huntig ground in the Frozen Wilds. It's not a part of the carja huntig lodge but is 
instead a challange where Aloy can prove herself against other Banuk. There are three trails and the last one can only be paticipated by a chieftain which means you have to
complete "For the Werak" to unlock this trail.

The Shaman's Path: The Shaman's Path is the first quest you unlock after talking to Burgrend in Song's Edge. After you destroyed the first contol tower and talked to Naltuk Aloy 
is going to the Shaman's Path where she finds out a lot about the Banuk, the blue light and that she has to become the chieftain in order to go to thunders drum. As a reward 
for the quest you get the Stormslinger weapon from Ourea.
For The Werak: For the Werak is unlocked right after right afer Shaman's Path. It's important that you did at least two of these four errands (tallneck, beat a champion at 
Snowchants Hunting Ground, clear Stone Yield Bandit Camp and get one pigment set) in order to unlock the quest. At the Werak challange Aloy has to prove herself against Aratak 
(current chieftain). As a reward you get Arataks chieftain outfit and the ice-rail.
Firebreak: In the Firebreak quest you have to meet Ourea at Longnotch where the two endquest begin. In the Firebreak Aloy finds out about the Yellowstone Caldera and CYAN.
The Forge Of Winter: The Forge of Winter is the last quest of the main story of the Frozen Wilds. After Firebreak you get access to the cauldron EPSILON where Aloy has to 
defeat the corrupted Hephestus AI and kill a demonic Fireclaw at the end. Ourea sacrificed herself for CYAN and the Banuk and the main story of the Frozen Wilds ends at Ourea's
Retreat with a conversation with CYAN and Aratak. After this quest quest you also unlock the errand "Out of the forge".

Waterlogged: Waterlogged is one of the first sidequests you can unlock in Song's Edge by talking to Laulai. The quest leads you to a flooded dam which is called "Greycatch" 
When you enter the ruin you meet clumsy Glidun you was searching for an ancient looking glass but flooded the whole ruins by mistake. After you closed two sluice gates and
killed a snapmwaw to get a lost part to open the storage room. Sadly Gildun can't find his looking glass but together with Aloy they are able to fix the panel and shut the place down.
The Hunters Three: Hunter's Three is a sidequest that you can unlock by talking to Burgrend after finishing "For the Wearak". Three Hunter got some debts and Burgrend wants you
to find the hunters. The whole quest contains of three different palces where you have to kill many machines with the three hunters in order to repay the debts to Burgrend. You
also get a rare damage coil as a reward. 
Ikrie's Challenge: Ikrie's challange is a hunting trail which can be unlocked after completing the sidequest "The Survivor". Other than the normal hunting grounds it's not 
about the speed rather than killing a number of machienes with a limited amount of ammo. 
The Survivor: The survivor is a sidequest which can be unlocked in the nothern east of the map. You meet Ikrie who is looking for her friend. Together with Aloy they fight
a lot of machienes and punch through until you reach Mailen. Mailen don't want to be saved by an outlander even tho she's injured. At the end Ikrie is unhappy with her current 
situation and feels bad about beeing a Banuk. She said she would rather live alone and live the live of a hunter. After completeing this sidequest you also unlock Ikrie's
challange which is right next to the Snowchants Hunting Ground.
Frontier Justice: Frontier Justice is a sidequest you can unlock after finishing the main story of the Frozen Wilds. After that you can meet Inatut and two Banuk who wrongly accuse
him of crimes. After Aloy finds out about the real murders she proofs Inatuts innocence and secures him from dying in the cold.  

A Secret Shared: A secret Shared is a sidequest which can be unlocked right of the beginning at Song's Edge at the Frozen Wilds by talking to a Bunuk Shaman. He wants Aloy to head
all the way to the nothern top of the map to find a rare part of an airplane. After a short parcours, a stalker fight and getting the part you can finish the quest right where it
started and get a spear upgarde. Your spear is then able to equip two coils in order to make more damage.
The Claws Beneath: This quest is given to you by an old Banuk hunter at Longnotch. He what's you to kill a really dangerous rockbreaker which is located on the nothern east cornder 
of the map. 
Geared Up: Stormslinger: Meet Varga at Longnotch. Varga wants Aloy to kill a Stormbird in order to get the missing parts for the Stormslinger. With the upgarde you get an overall
stats improvment for the weapon.
Geared Up: Forgefire: Meet Varga at Longnotch. You need to kill a bellowback in order to get the missing parts. With the upgrade the forgefire gets a stats improvement and the 
fireball firemode.
Geared Up: Icerail: Meet Varga at Longnotch. Aloy needs to kill a thunderjaw in order to get the missing part for the icerail. The upgrade improves overall stats at adds the icecannon
firemode.
Out of the Forge: Out of the Forge is unlocked after you finish the quest "The Forge of Winter". You need to kill five fireclaws which are located all over the Frozen Wilds. When 
you are done with killing all of them you can go to Song's Edge and talk Naltuk which finishes of the quest and gets you the pristine coil which contains a lot of damage and handling.

Purchase the Banuk Ice Hunter Master Outfit: This outfit can be bought from a bluegleam merchant for 14 bluegleam 
Purchase the Carja Blazon Master Outfit: This outfit can be bought from a bluegleam merchant for 16 bluegleam
Purchase the Nora Silent Hunter Master Outfit: This outfit can be bought from a bluegleam merchant for 18 bluegleam
Purchase the Banuk Champion Bow:  This weapon can be bought from a bluegleam merchant for 12 bluegleam
Purchase the Banuk Powershot Bow:  This weapon can be bought from a bluegleam merchant for 14 bluegleam
Purchase the Bunuk Striker Bow:  This weapon can be bought from a bluegleam merchant for 16 bluegleam

Kill 5 Frostclaws: ?
kill 6 Scorchers: ?
